HTTP storage: Implement timeout support (#896)
ccache/ccache: doc/MANUAL.adoc

* `http://localhost:8080/`
* `http://someusername:p4ssw0rd@example.com/cache`

Optional attributes:

* *connect-timeout*: Timeout (in ms) for network connection. The default is 100.

> * *operation-timeout*: Timeout (in ms) for Redis commands. The default is 10000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *operation-timeout*: Timeout (in ms) for HTTP requests. The default is 10000.
```
